High in this video I would like to show you how to train a supporting actor machine on the so-called
Iblees data set.
So let's get started.
So what is this.
Is data set.
Basically you can find any machine learning related repository here you see.
And you can have a good grasp on the Ivey's data set.
For example we have the data set information which means that the data set contains three classes of
50 instances each.
So we are going to have three classes.
It is a classification problem.
And as you can see one class is linearly separable from the other two.
The latter are not in the early separable from each other.
So we will have the iris plan basically.
And if you click on the data folder and ID's data then this is the training data.
We have the ID Seto's we have the diaries versicolor and we have the iris virginica and we have four
features basically the battle against the tactile with the sample and send the sample rate or something
like this I think that OK you can see the attributes here SEP-IRA lanced sample with battle lines and
Tatel away.
So we are going to have four features and the last one is the Clauss I reset to always wears the color.
Iris virginica so we don't have to download this dataset because we are able to be included from psyche
to learn datasets.
So let's see whether it's working fine.
We have the data set is equal to the data sets that load IDs.
And then I would like to printout this dataset.
So let's take a look how it looks in the console.
OK.
As we race.
So as you can see we have the target the 0 1 and 2.
So we assigned the zero for the Reset Tosa the number one or two items versicolor.
And we have the number two for the IATSE or genie.
So that's why we have the 0 1 and 2 as far as the target is concerned.
And this is the data set as you can see.
So we have what's the name it has the name data.
So 4.9 Srey 1.4 0.2.
This is I guess the first line.
Yes 3.5 1.4.
Okay.
There's a 5 missing.
I'm not sure why but anyways this is how we are able to fetch the Iowas dataset from the secret learned
data sets.
I'm going to comment it out because we don't need it anymore.
I'm going to separate the features from the target.
So it's going to be a data set that data.
This is what we have been discussing here that that we are able to get the data and we are able to get
the target okay to target as you can see.
So we have the features and we have the target variable's is equal to the data set the target then we
split our dataset into our training data and the test data as usual.
So we will have the feature for the training data.
We will have a feature for the test data that we will have a target for the training data and the target
for that task.
We just have to use the train task's split for the features
OK and the target variables it's only for that target of variables and the task size will be in this
case for example 0.3 percent of the original dataset will be for testing purposes.
And 70 percent of the original dataset will be for training purposes.
OK.
And I'm going to have the model which is the SVM that support vector classifier and I'm not going to
define that gamma and the C parameters at the beginning.
So this is the out or more in the sense that Skateland is going to decide these parameters for us.
OK so we have the fitted model model that fit on the feature train.
And target train.
So we train or support like a machine on the training data and then we are able to make predictions
so predictions is equal to the fitted model dot product and I'm going to use the feature test of course
so we are going to make predictions on that task and we are going to compare them.
So I'm going to printout the confusion matrix for the target data so I would like to compare the target.
So what we know for certain from the data set and what we have pedic there with the help of support
back through machines and I would like to do basically the same for the accuracy score that target test
and predictions.
Okay.
So let's save it and let's see whether or support the vector the machine is working fine or not.
As you can see zero dot 95.
So the accuracy of for supporting actor or machine is 95 percent.
It's quite good as you can see the confusion matrix that we have only two mis classifications because
the old diagonal items are the misclassified items and the diagonalize times are correctly classified
items.
So let's see if we define the parameters manually so that gamma is equal to zero that 0 1 These parameters
are usually set to something like this and penalty's equal to 100.
For example let's say that and let's run it.
You can play around with these parameters and test better support better a machine will make better
predictions or not.
But as I can see OK sometimes it's a bit better.
Oh as you can see we just have a single misclassification.
So basically 97 approximately 98 percent accuracy it is very very good.
We are able to achieve the same accuracy with the help of deep now we're And that for us.
So again I'm going to get rid of this game.
I'm going to comment it out in order to be able to use it.
If you download the source code but I guess that if we set it to an out or more in the sense that secret
learning is going to decide experimenter's for us than 95 95 Yeah they are our eyes you can see a hundred
accuracy.
OK.
There are no misclassification at all.
But anyways 95 percent accuracy is very very good.
So usually we can say that support vector machines are able to make better predictions than logistic
regression for example or the naive base algorithm.
So this is why I support vector machines were considered to be the best machine learning algorithm ever.
And we went of supercomputer as we are able to train now and that works let alone deep nodal networks
that are marketable of making better predictions.
So that's why in 2017 now all that works and deep know real networks are usually outperform support
vector machines by supper vector machines.
As you can see I can make very very good predictions so it is a very very powerful machine learning
algorithm.
Thanks for watching.